[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The very word "secrecy" is
repugnant in a free and open
society.
And we are, as a
people, inherently
and historically opposed
to secret societies.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE]
>> John F. Kennedy's
assassination, on November 22,
1963, shocked the world.
>> It appears as though
something has happened
in the motorcade group.
Something obviously has
happened in the motorcade group.
>> Gunned down while driving
in a motorcade through Dallas,
Texas--
>> President Kennedy died at
1:00 PM Central Standard Time,
some 38 minutes ago.
>> The murder remains one of the
greatest mysteries of the 20th
century.
There have been many
theories put forth as
to why he was killed.
Some say that he threatened
the Federal Reserve by daring
to print money not backed
by the central bank.
[GUNFIRE]
Others say his decision
to withdraw from Vietnam
was the reason for his death.
[GUNFIRE]
But there are other
intriguing reasons why
Kennedy was murdered that day.
There are few who know
that Kennedy was intimately
involved in the beginnings
of the secret space program.
>> I think JFK was very
knowledgeable about secret
space programs.
I know that he was very close
with the first Secretary
of Defense, James Forrestal.
In fact, he actually
was Forrestal guest
on a trip to Germany in
1945, in July and August,
where Kennedy was approached
by Forrestal to accompany him
on the trip, because Forrestal
wanted to recruit Kennedy
to his personal staff.
>> Over the years, a lot of data
has surfaced suggesting that,
when he was president, John F.
Kennedy was briefed on the UFO
subject by the intelligence
community, by the military,
as to what they knew about UFO
sightings, possibly abductions,
UFO crashes, what really
happened at Roswell.
And that would make sense
that when somebody achieves
the position of
President, essentially
the Commander in Chief,
they would be briefed
on this particular subject.
>> And actually, in his
posthumously published book,
called "Prelude to
Leadership," Kennedy, in there,
describes being taken to see
some of the advanced maritime
facilities that the
Nazis had developed.
And he saw the production
of the submarine fleets.
And this was something that was
very significant, because it
was many of these
German submarines, that
were used to transport
equipment and personnel over
to Antarctica for the secret
space program down there.
And also, some of
these submarines--
some early attempts were made
to retrofit these submarines
with some kind of
anti-gravity technology.
Because a submarine,
because it's
designed to be able
to go into the water,
is a technology that could
be easily deployed into space
if you just replace
the propeller system.
You replace that with some
kind of anti-gravity device,
and then you actually
have the technology
that could actually
lift a submarine out
of the ocean, up into space.
So this was the sort of thing
that was being kind of like
developed in Germany.
And later on, I know that the
US Navy did the same thing
in the 1970s.
They actually converted some
of the nuclear attack-class
submarines, the Nautilus, into
these early space prototype
vehicles that could use to
understand how the Navy could
actually deploy ships in space.
John F. Kennedy
entered politics,
but he was still very
close to Forrestal.
Forrestal and he were
still in communication.
And Forrestal, towards
the end of his term
as Secretary of
Defense, actually he
was sacked, because
he broke ranks.
He wanted to reveal
what was going on,
because he realized that
the secrecy system was going
to be perpetuated indefinitely.
And he was strongly
against that.
He realized that
this was something
that could lead to great abuse.
And so he began sharing
that information
with any congressmen
that would listen.
And one of the people
that he shared that with
was with Kennedy.
And so, when Kennedy
became President,
he wanted to get access
to that information
and eventually assert
presidential control.
And that's what led to
the big confrontation
with the Majestic 12 group.
Now, James Forrestal,
he was in a minority.
He basically wanted to
reveal what was going on.
Other members in the
Majestic 12 group
basically saw Forrestal
as a loose cannon.
And so, Truman, on the advice
of the Majestic 12 committee,
sent Forrestal, as the
Secretary of Defense--
and basically, rather than
allow Forrestal to go public
with what he knew,
they had Forrestal
committed to the Bethesda
Naval medical facility.
And they had him confined
in on the 16th floor.
And what happened
during his confinement
was that Forrestal
wasn't allowed
to be visited by his advisors,
such as a Catholic priest
that Forrestal was close
to and he confided with.
He wasn't allowed to
be visited by family.
And his brother,
Henry Forrestal,
wasn't allowed to
see Forrestal at all.
And what we know is, that during
his confinement at Bethesda
Naval facility, he was visited
by a number of Majestic 12
members.
Sidney Souers was one of them.
And one that people probably
aren't familiar with
is Lyndon Baines Johnson, that
he actually visited Forrestal,
because Johnson, at
that time in 1949,
was working for the
Majestic 12 committee.
He was basically there to
give Forrestal the bad news.
And then, shortly after that,
on the very day that Forrestal's
brother was supposed to come
in and collect James Forrestal,
in May of 1949, Forrestal
supposedly commits suicide
and kind of falls from the 16th
floor of the Bethesda Naval
facility.
And he's dead.
But there have been
a number of people
who were there at the event
and saw what Forrestal's body--
and were familiar with the
circumstances leading up
to Forrestal's death.
And they said it wasn't,
by any means, a suicide.
It was a hit job, and
the Majestic 12 group
were behind it.
>> So, when I look at
Kennedy's public attempt to go
to the moon, the Apollo
program that he devised--
>> Altitude 1400 feet,
still looking very good.
>> --what I see is a president
who came into power knowing
about aliens, knowing about
UFOs, wanting to find out more,
found himself blocked by
the national security state,
the CIA, the NSA,
Majestic 12, and said, OK,
you guys are going to
tell me what you're doing,
you're not going to tell
me what you're up to?
F you.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to create my own
public space program, which
is going to have a
secret purpose, which
is going to go to the moon and
retrieve the technology that we
know is there.
And we're going to build
our own secret space fleet.
>> Man, in his quest for
knowledge and progress,
is determined and
cannot be deterred.
The exploration of
space will go ahead.
We choose to go to the moon.
[APPLAUSE]
We choose to go to the
moon in this decade
and do the other things,
not because they are easy,
but because they are hard.
[APPLAUSE]
>> There's a really
interesting memo.
It's called the burn memo.
And in the burn memo,
there's a sentence
that's very, very chilling.
It says, of course Lancer
has been inquiring about
our activities, which is
something we cannot allow.
Lancer was JFK's Secret
Service nickname.
So what they're saying
there, basically,
is that JFK is trying to ask us
about what our activities are,
which involve aliens and UFOs,
and we cannot allow this.
When they say, we cannot allow,
that implies they're going
to do something about it.
>> Are there any connections
between possible secret space
programs and President Kennedy?
Some evidence suggests
that there is.
In June of 1947, a
strange occurrence
happened in the Pacific
Northwest of the United States.
>> Well, the Maury Island
Incident is one of the early,
important, very
interesting, controversial,
engaging UFO incidents that
we have in our history.
So it was in June of 1947.
This is right around the
time of the Kenneth Arnold
famous sighting of the
so-called flying saucers.
In the immediate
aftermath of that,
at Maury Island in the state
of Washington, occurred
and incident that to
this day, you know,
you've got different people
with different opinions
on what happened there.
But according to
the story, there
was a fisherman by name of
Harold Dahl who was in a boat.
He claimed to have seen a number
of aerial objects above him,
one of which was in, what
looked like, trouble,
struggling, dropped slag,
or something like slag,
into the water.
>> And he said that
these five craft--
aerial craft that
are round-shaped,
but had like a hole in
the center of them--
that were above the water where
they were in Washington State.
And, all of a
sudden, this debris
started falling
out of one of them.
There were five
of them that were
all around this other one that
was in the center, this larger
one.
And the Air Force base sent
two people to investigate this.
And these two
fishermen guys said
that they turned over some
of the debris to them.
And these two-- A Lieutenant
and Captain, I believe,
in the Air Force that
were assigned to do this
investigation-- and they were
taking some of these materials
back to the Air Force base
in a B-25, and it crashed--
[EXPLOSION]
--and killed them.
>> One of the main
people involved,
connected to Harold Dahl, was
a guy named Fred Chrisman.
Chrisman, I think, was one of
the paperclip people brought
over after the war.
>> When they came across
mentions of Fred Chrisman
in the Kennedy assassination
investigation conducted by Jim
Garrison in New Orleans,
I started to think, well,
wait a minute, what-- what?
Chrisman was Maury Island.
What's he doing as a suspect
in the Kennedy assassination?
>> In addition to that--
as a little bit of a follow
up by Kenneth Arnold himself--
Kenneth Arnold was always
a very reliable individual.
I think everyone who met
him felt this way about him.
And Arnold was given
a little bit of money
by Ray Palmer of "Fate Magazine"
to do an investigative piece
on Maury Island.
So Kenneth Arnold goes
to, I think, Tacoma,
Washington to set
up his investigation
and look into all of
this, meet the players.
And Kenneth Arnold-- and he
wrote about this in his book,
"The Coming of the Saucers."
Kenneth Arnold said, my hotel
room was bugged, wiretapped.
We were monitored.
And, indeed, there
were a few things that
would lend credence to that.
[CLICK]
>> There was too many moving
parts for Maury Island.
And I'm looking at
it, and I'm suspecting
that Harold Dahl at first
said, oh, yeah, the UFO
phone exploded, killed
my dog, wounded my son,
and all these other things.
And then, later, he seemed
to retract all of that,
which meant it was a hoax.
But then, at the very
end, his widow is saying,
no, it actually happened.
And he changed his story
because he felt he had to.
There was too much
light going on him.
attention being paid.
And then, those two
guys on the airplane--
and then, Chrisman pops up
in the 60s, 20 years later,
as a suspect in the
Kennedy assassination.
So I'm looking at
this, and I'm thinking,
what's the connective
tissue here?
This is too bizarre.
And so I start looking at
the UFO reports of the 1940s,
at the post-war period.
And then I find Guy Banister
name all over everything.
You know, and Guy Banister was
another suspect in the Kennedy
assassination
conspiracy by Garrison.
So Guy Banister, I have
the copies of his telexes
and his airtels going back
to Hoover directly on,
you know, subject matter
X. And this is the X files.
This is the origin of it.
And these are X
files, the UFO reports
were marked X and with
his initials, WCB,
or with Guy Banister
or Banister.
And I'm thinking, well, I
know Guy Banister for sure.
He possibly was Oswald's
handler during the assassination
conspiracy in New Orleans.
>> So, what you have is a
situation where something
happened or seemed
to have happened,
that did get the attention of
the intelligence community,
that involved some
very shady characters--
we're thinking Fred Chrisman--
that involve the deaths of two
US military personnel, that
was a UFO story
that, to this day,
I don't really know if we've
got a definitive answer on what
that was all about.
So it's a heck of an
interesting story.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[FOOTSTEPS]
[DOOR OPENING]
>> What's wrong, Lou?
>> Boss, the
President's been shot.
>> Jim Garrison was the district
attorney for the city of New
Orleans in the 1960s.
>> He was shot from at least
three different directions,
which is perfectly obvious
from the medical testimony.
There was no way for
him to have survived.
>> As many of the suspects in
the Kennedy assassination were
associated with the
city of New Orleans,
Garrison decided to open an
investigation into the JFK
murder.
This story is best told in
Oliver Stone's classic film,
"JFK."
>> Y'all got to start
thinking on a different level,
like the CIA does.
Now, we're through the
looking glass here, people.
White is black.
And black is white.
>> In an interesting twist, we
discover that Jim Garrison was
investigating two people that
he believed were involved
in the Kennedy assassination.
[GUNSHOT]
[SCREAMS]
These two men were Fred
Chrisman and Guy Banister.
As we have seen, these
two men were heavily
involved in the Maury
Island Incident.
>> Well, Garrison was
investigating Chrisman
in connection to the
JFK assassination,
because Chrisman seemed to be
a guy who knew all the players
that he was looking at.
He seemed to be popping
up just like Clay
Shaw, the other person
that Garrison had really
set his sights on.
These were people
who seemed to have
very interesting connections to
the world of US intelligence,
as well as to the
assassination of the President.
And so, yeah, Garrison
was a guy who,
by everything that
I've been able to see,
really had true integrity
and some serious bravery
to go after the system the
way he did and basically stand
alone in the 1960s to look
at JFK's assassination.
>> The connection of people
heavily involved in what could
possibly be an early secret
space program accident at Maury
island, with Jim Garrison's
investigation into the murder
of John F. Kennedy, does
raise a lot of concerns.
It seems that Fred Chrisman
must have been working
for an intelligence agency.
It's as if we're witnessing
some kind of secret covert war
that involves covering up UFOs
and the secret space program.
>> I think Kennedy's speech
of getting man to the moon
in 1961, I think that was
something that he believed was
important to kind of like begin
the process for colonization
of space.
I think Kennedy was
aware that there
were a lot of programs
around that were using
more advanced technologies.
But nevertheless, he realized
that rocket technology
could still play
an important role
in the colonization of space.
And Kennedy was a Navy
man, as was Forrestal.
And Kennedy was basically
working with the Navy hierarchy
in implementing the Apollo
program which had four stages.
The first stage was to
get man to the moon.
>> That's one
small step for man,
one giant leap for mankind.
>> And that was critical for
just kind of getting people
to accept that we can become
a space colonizing power.
The second stage was to
establish five Navy bases
on the moon, with a total
of 10,000 Navy personnel.
There was going to be a rocket
developed after the Saturn V.
It was going to be
much more powerful.
It was called the Nova rocket.
And the Nova had 10 times the
payload of the Saturn V rocket.
So you could deliver 10 times
as much equipment, resources,
and people to whatever
your destination was.
So the Nova rocket
was going to be
part of stage two of
establishing these Navy
bases on the moon.
And then, the third
stage was going
to be the colonization of Mars,
some of the moons of Jupiter,
anything in the asteroid belt
that could be a suitable place
to establish a colony.
That was going to be stage
three of the Apollo program.
And then, stage
four, basically being
able to develop a deep space,
interstellar-capable craft.
That's when the development of
these anti-gravity technologies
would have been completed.
So that was seen to happen
sometime in the '70s and '80s.
That was the projection.
So Kennedy's Apollo
program was really
a small part of this much
more elaborate Navy--
very ambitious Navy program to
basically project Naval power
deep into space.
And so Kennedy basically
got the ball rolling
with the Apollo mission.
I think Kennedy was
assassinated for similar reasons
to Forrestal in terms of
this information concerning
secret space programs,
extraterrestrial technologies,
and alien life
visiting our world.
And we see this kind of
like towards the very end
of Kennedy's
administration when,
on November 12, 1963, 10 days
before the assassination,
Kennedy reached an agreement
with Nikita Khrushchev,
the Soviet Premier,
where they would
do joint missions to the moon.
And to do so, Kennedy
instructed NASA
to cooperate with
the Soviet Union
and share all information
concerning space.
But, in both cases, the
Majestic 12 group basically
had Kennedy assassinated.
Lyndon Johnson was a
key player in that.
And also, Majestic 12 had
Forrestal assassinated.
And, again, Lyndon Johnson
was a key player in that.
[GUNSHOT]
>> As we advance our
understanding of the events
that occurred on
November 22, 1963,
we begin to see that many
of the players involved
in the assassination of the
President of the United States
were also involved in
the aerospace industry,
in particular, Bell Helicopter.
[WHIRRING]
As we untangle
the web of deceit,
it becomes apparent that
there are very powerful forces
within various communities,
including NASA, that
wanted JFK [GUNSHOT] killed.
One woman with deep associations
with JFK's assassination
was a novelist from
Boston, who had friends
high up in Washington,
DC's access of power.
Her name was Mary Bancroft.
>> Mary Bancroft was the BFF--
was the best friend
forever of a woman
called Ruth Forbes Paine Young.
The aggressively married
Ruth Forbes Paine Young--
who had a series
of husbands-- she
married someone called Paine
who was kind of a Trotskyite.
And then she married
Arthur Young.
And Arthur Young
was the inventor
of the Bell Helicopter.
He was very much
involved in part
of the military
industrial complex.
But he walked away from it
at the end of World War II
and devoted himself entirely
to the study of the paranormal,
of Asian religions,
and mysticism, and ESP,
and telekinesis, and
all of these things.
>> Ruth Forbes Paine Young had
a brother named Michael who
worked at Bell Helicopter.
Michael's wife also happened
to be named Ruth Paine.
>> And I'm reading the Warren
Commission testimony of a woman
called Ruth Paine, who lived
in Texas, a Quaker lady who,
according to all reports,
was trying to learn Russian,
the Russian language.
And, lo and behold, she comes
across a friend of hers,
George de Mohrenschildt.
And de Mohrenschildt
says, you know,
I should introduce you to
somebody who's been to Russia.
And he has a Russian
wife and introduces
Ruth Paine to Lee Harvey
Oswald and Marina Oswald.
Ruth Paine's brother
was Michael Paine.
Michael Paine knew Lee
Harvey Oswald also.
Took him, actually, I
think, to an ACLU meeting,
if I'm not mistaken,
things like that.
So he was trying to get Lee "out
of his shell," quote unquote.
Michael Paine was
working for Bell
which was Arthur
Young's old company
that he no longer worked for.
But the man who was sort of on
the board of directors of Bell
was Walter Dornberger.
And Walter
Dornberger, of course,
was a famous Nazi general
involved with Peenemünde--
not involved with it,
running Peenemünde--
was called over by
the US government
under Operation Paperclip, a
rabid Nazi by all accounts.
American intelligence, the
Counterintelligence Corps--
CIC-- of the Army begged
them not to take Dornberger,
because he was such a Nazi.
But we didn't care.
We hired him.
We brought him over.
And we brought him to
Wright Field July of 1947,
as the Roswell debris was
allegedly being brought.
And I think, we
know for sure, it
was being brought to Wright
Field in July of '47.
And there's Walter
Dornberger, in his civvies,
waiting for the shipment.
So Oswald, now, is
basically in the sphere
of influence of Ruth Paine.
And, ostensibly, because
Ruth wants to learn Russian.
So Marina Oswald
stays with Ruth.
And Marina also
already has a child.
And she's expecting
her second child.
She's staying with Ruth Paine.
Lee Oswald comes in and out
of the picture, staying there
sometimes, sometimes not.
And then Ruth gets him a job.
Ruth has a friend who has
a friend, maybe an uncle--
I don't know-- at the Texas
School Book Depository.
So Ruth Paine arranges for Lee
to get this job at the Texas
School Book Depository.
In August/September
of 1963, Ruth Paine
travels to visit Arthur Young
and Ruth Forbes Paine Young.
She goes to visit
Arthur and Ruth.
She had to have
discussed with them
the fact that she has Russian
defectors living in her house.
And, as I'm looking through
the Warren Commission
testimony of Ruth Paine,
on the board, listening
to her as she's
giving her testimony,
is all the usual suspects,
plus Allen Dulles,
who's a part of the
Warren Commission.
Ruth Paine is talking about
how Lee got to her house,
how Marina--
all these things.
She's going into the story.
And then she starts
to talk about her trip
to visit Arthur Young.
Allen Dulles immediately
changes the subject. .
Cuts her off before she
can talk about this trip.
It's never brought up again.
Allen Dulles makes some
joke about declaring
something on your
taxes or something,
or something-- a
total non sequitur.
The thing goes off the rails.
We never hear what
Ruth Paine was
going to say about her
trip to visit Arthur Young.
And that's when the name
Arthur Young jumps out at me.
And I said, what--
what does Arthur
Young have to do
with the Kennedy assassination?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> While the major media
outlets presented Ruth Paine
as a common housewife, it's
clear from the evidence that
she was connected to some of the
top movers and shakers within
the elite families
of the United States.
The fact that the
media is covering up
this important detail
of the JFK assassination
can only mean that
this conspiracy runs
deeper than previously thought.
>> Now, we also have the
connection of Kennedy with
the space program, obviously.
It was John F. Kennedy
who put us out there
and committed us to
landing a man on the moon
and returning him
safely to the Earth
before the decade was out.
Holy smokes,
unbelievable, right?
[EXPLOSION]
So, at the very least,
one could argue--
one should argue
that the NASA program
served as cover for a deeper,
more clandestine space program.
And it makes sense when
you think about it.
If you've got recovered, exotic
technology that can give you
incredible propulsion
capabilities going off-world,
and if you don't want the
world to know about it,
but you need to have
a presence in space,
you need a justification for
getting yourself out there
in the eyes of the world.
NASA fulfilled that
function to the T.
So the evidence is
very strong now.
JFK knew a great deal about
the presence of others
here on planet Earth.
I say this because I give
credence to a particular memo
that's leaked, come out,
dealing with Marilyn Monroe
shortly before her death, a CIA
memo that talked about Marilyn
Monroe at various
Hollywood parties,
talking with Dorothy Kilgallen.
And, in her anger at being
thrown overboard by the Kennedy
brothers-- which she had been--
talking quietly about
some of the pillow
talk she had with JFK,
including his seeing beings
from outer space at
a remote facility.
Now, all of that was written
about in an alleged CIA memo.
There's actually been
some very good work
done on that memo that,
to my satisfaction,
indicates that that's authentic.
I think it's real.
>> So there were intimations
that there was some kind
of a weird space
program connection
to the assassination.
But Lee Oswald himself,
according to at least one eye
witness, said that
Lee was considering
getting a job at NASA and, for
some reason, turned it down.
Why would Lee have
turned down a job at NASA
when he's working out the Texas
School Book Depository stacking
boxes?
So there's something
very fishy about that
which lends further
credence to the idea
that Lee was not
who he said he was
or not what he seemed to be.
>> Did you shoot the President?
>> No, they're taking me in
because of the fact that I live
in the Soviet Union.
>> We're talking treason then.
>> I'm just a patsy.
>> Did you shoot the President?
>> But there's another
connection between the JFK
assassination and
the space program.
In the late 1960s,
an odd document
began to circulate among
the people investigating
the murder of the President.
It was called the
Torbitt Document.
>> In the 1960s,
there was a samizdat,
a mimeographed document,
that was circulated called
the Torbitt Document.
And it was allegedly
written by a Texas lawyer,
in the late '60s, who used
the pseudonym of Torbitt.
What the Torbitt
Document went on about,
at length, was the
Kennedy assassination
and its connections to
NASA and Wernher von Braun.
The Torbitt document maintained
that Wernher von Braun
commanded a special team called
DISC, the Defense Industrial
Security Command.
And DISC was run out of
Redstone Arsenal in Alabama.
And what a lot of
people don't realize
that the early space program
was really all in Alabama.
It wasn't in Houston.
That wasn't until later that
they moved things to Houston.
And the Torbitt
Document maintained
that, because of the
elements of the space program
and with Wernher
von Braun, that DISC
was somehow involved in
the Kennedy assassination
and to coordinate
people from NASA
and other parts of
the military and CIA,
and then with Lyndon
Johnson having
control of the Dallas Police
force, and things like that.
So the Torbitt Document
really is an oddball document
about the Kennedy
assassination, because it
gives a slightly
different slant on it
which brings in the military
and NASA missions to the moon.
I got a book from NASA that
was about Wernher von Braun.
And it was all these photos
of him and his life in NASA.
And Johnson and Kennedy had
gone to Redstone Arsenal
and met with Wernher von
Braun in the early '60s when
Kennedy had announced
we were going to space.
And, according to this book,
they had some huge argument
together.
And von Braun and
Kennedy and Johnson
all had this big, big
argument about how
we were going to go to the moon,
what the mission would be all
about, what the American
people would get to see,
all that kind of stuff.
And, apparently, it
was Kennedy arguing
for different technology,
a more overt space program,
one that would apparently
be quite different than what
we were actually told.
And von Braun and Johnson
were completely against it.
And, at that point, in a
sense, Kennedy his fate
was perhaps sealed.
>> The real story of
what happened in Dallas,
Texas on November 22, 1963 will
probably never be known in its
totality.
But we can see from
this new evidence
that President
John F. Kennedy was
well aware of the
technological advances achieved
by the Germans.
He worked with James Forrestal
and very likely knew everything
that Forrestal knew.
He must have known that
getting to the moon
with advanced
anti-gravity technology
was the best and easiest
way to accomplish that task.
It appears that
forces were at work
that did not want that
technology known to the public.